---
layout: page
title: About
date: 2014-01-20 07:33
author: sancharaa
comments: true
categories: []
---
<p style="text-align:justify;">Hey there.. we're a small bunch of travel-enthusiasts hailing from Bengaluru, India. Our travel group sprouted up from our bonding during our undergrad studies. This is the place where we share our travel experiences, as individuals and as a group. We're a mixed blend of all sorts of folks, ranging from "sweet" to "crazy", "cool" to "geek",  "sensible" to "panicky".. ಪಕ್ಕ ಲೋಕಲ್ ಕನ್ನಡಿಗರು. If you are around us, you often get to hear slangs like ದಬ್ಬಾಕ್ಕೋ(get lost), ಹೊಗೆ/ಚೊಂಬು (failure),  "mishtik" for "mistake", ಊಷ್ಟು(ruptured). Here's a sample "Ayyo! what ಮಚಾ.. mishtik happened. Can we catch the train on time? If not all our plans ಹೊಗೆ only". :grin: ಮಚಾ, ಮಚಿ, ಮಗ, ಗಿಗ ಅಂತ ಕರ್ಯೊದ್ರಲ್ಲಿ ಇರೋ ಮಜಾನೇ ಬೇರೆ..  We forget all the formal behavior when with friends and just be ourselves! Well that's the beauty of friendship, isn't it? ;)</p>
<p style="text-align:justify;"><strong>Why we love travelling?</strong></p>
<p style="text-align:justify;">All of us are in the IT Industry. Our week is filled with meetings, greetings and long hours in front of laptops and mobile screens. A day away from laptops and mobiles, a day spent amidst the beauty of nature, a day spent with your friends laughing, a day spent knowing about one more part of the rest of the world is a day spent well! A famous saying goes:</p>

<blockquote>The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.</blockquote>
We believe travelling is good for heart. Do it!
<p style="text-align:justify;"><strong>How do we plan our travel?</strong></p>
<p style="text-align:justify;">"Behind every successful trip, there is a great planning" - at least when the trip duration is short and you have got a lot of places to visit. We have a Google group for all our discussions. We agree upon a date based on everyone's availability so that it will be easy to carry out the further planning. Everyone comes up with a suggestion about places. We ask our colleagues and other friends about what they think about the place and the best time to visit it and of course we have Google. We read through the blogs. Pick up interesting places in and around the destination. Chalk out a complete plan using Google Maps to be aware of the travel distance. Choosing our means of transport is the next thing. Once done with that, pack your bags. Oh yeah! we do have a doc that mentions "Things to carry" and we do follow it religiously! ;)</p>
<p style="text-align:justify;"><strong>During travel..</strong></p>
<p style="text-align:justify;">First thing we do is to populate our phone with all the important contacts and charge our phones. Since we are new to the destination, we use Google Maps Navigation to travel. Once we reach the place, we are all set to explore!</p>
<p style="text-align:justify;"><strong>Post travel..</strong></p>
<p style="text-align:justify;">We come back home with filled energy and plan for our next trip! :D Oh wait! That's not all. We blog about it to help others plan a travel. Yeah! we are good people. :cool:</p>
